Xbox game bar window The alt text
examples heading level 1 Alt text
examples heading level 2 Marketing images
All images,
including lifestyle marketing images
should have alt text that describes the
content of the image graphic.
Family watching football on their
television.
Heading level 2 product images where
applicable,
Product images should describe the make,
model, and color graphic.
iPhone 12 Pro Max in Pacific Blue.
Heading Level 2 Interface icons.
When an image serves as the identifier
for the button, button graphic e-mail us.
When alt text would be repetitive,
the alt attribute can be empty.
Button e-mail us.
Visited link back to top of page.
All text E-mail us graphic button.
E-mail us button.